Adding extra information on DB (#104)
CartoDB/carto-selfhosted: README.md

## Databases

> Both flavours will need two databases in order to store the metadata of the users.

Reviewer: I removed that part of the `metadata of the users` in the past. I think it creates more noise than anything else.

```suggestion
Both self hosted flavours need two databases (Postgres and Redis) in order to work.
```
